Umbraco deploy documentation (#3074)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Troubleshooting/Structure-Error/index.md

This guide is for solving collision errors when working with Umbraco Deploy. Use this guide when you encounter an error like this:

    Some artifacts collide on unique identifiers.
    This means that they have different Udis, yet
    they refer to the same unique Umbraco object
    and therefore cannot be processed.
    ---------------------------------------------
    Collisions for entity type "document-type":
    Collisions for unique identifier "home":
        UdaFile: ~/data/revision/document-type__4c04d968448747d791b5eae254afc7ec.uda
        UdaFile: ~/data/revision/document-type__f848c577f02b4ee5aea84f87458072a4.uda

The error means that two (or more) `.uda` files have been created for the same entity. The `.uda` files contain schema data for each of your entities e.g Document Types, Templates, Macros, Dictionary Items, Data types, etc (for a full list of these entities see [What are UDA files?](../../../Set-Up/Power-Tools/generating-uda-files/#what-are-uda-files)).

In this example, there are two `.uda` files who share the same alias which leads to a conflict: it is impossible for Deploy to know which of the files to use, so it gives up and sends an error back.

> You can run into an error like this on all of your environment. Sometimes you might also run into it, on a local clone of your project. This guide will use an example, where two files are colliding on a Development and a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run into an error like this on any of your environments. Sometimes you might also run into it on a local clone of your project. This guide will use an example, where two files are colliding on a Development and a production environment.
```

## Table of content

* [Video tutorial](#video-tutorial)
* [Using the error message](#using-the-error-message)
* [Deciding which file you want to use](#deciding-which-file-you-want-to-use)
* [Getting your environments in sync](#getting-your-environments-in-sync)

:::tip

> When you have two or more environments, we recommend that you never create or make schema changes directly on the production or Staging environments. You should work with schema only in your Development environment or even better, your local clone of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have two or more environments, we recommend that you never create or make schema changes directly on the Production or Staging environments. You should work with schema only in your Development environment or even better, your local clone of the project.
```
